smoke fireworks trees and a fucking big
hole broken brothel and pits column for
small trees and the car he comes the
soldier but don't get too close to him
to the chacha get off the white box here
comes a lady looking an alien ship
that's kind of shady whoa he comes an
edge to restore your weight not money
not that kind of we've got a guy with an
RPG looking think someone put that man
on the lead what you doing go don't get
him get some transformers shit doing
that weed well what was that dude you
gotta go splat crazy what kind of
ancient aliens what you see boy wait
that a void time getting your position
go play that gun like a muse is John for
here they come let's make the ass like a
drum wait wait snow camo dude hey want
some food food shit we got company bro
what you doing pistol bullshit the alien
see what you running at dude you're
gonna do a poo human is breaking up the
party yo where you at Molly boom goes
the pitch let's hook that any pitch run
it's like a soldier here comes the
binoculars through the billet aliens for
a poop then they are bang then coming
back too soon wait did that red blood
come on infinity board yo I'm already
bored you should already think about
fixing that fence it'll only cost you a
couple event boom goes the way it's a
party go get drunk dancing with my aunt
let's bump its wrath Merce side note
Rasmus did try to wrap this part ok
that's actually Trump this great beep
check horrifying trailer jack
is not okay so let's just move the audio
this crunch Shalom okay I used live from
frozen I'm not gonna shoot a baby
anymore what were you gonna do Charlie
for your spiky I need your epic kill g60
well by his shit you just the Brawn back
the flaming barrel son when i'm trying
to say whether it's not a single video
game where mankind has successfully
shutting bread off a defeated aliens see
you say there are a bunch of pussies why
would you may go in there I just run
away that's no point wasting your time
as shitty as game mode I can't in
pronounce it like it's that shit God
what would you even get this gauge and
please Microsoft could you stop lickin
ah the ass is like for activation it's
just I don't I don't get it just fuck
this